---
title: Gradle Essentials
---
# {{ page.title }}

Building a software artifact is a complex process involving various activities such as compiling source code,
running automated tests, packaging distributable files, and so on.
These activities are further split into many steps, often dependent on the execution order, fetching dependent artifacts,
resolving configuration variables, and so on.
Executing all these activities manually is cumbersome and often error-prone.
A good build automation tool helps us reduce the effort and time it takes to build correct artifacts in a repeatable manner.

## Introduction

### Gradle is
- an advanced build automation tool that brings the best from various proven build tools and innovates on top of them.
- can be used to produce different kind of artifacts such as web applications, static sites, and desktop applications.
- Works by conventions over configuration.
- can be configured using very human-friendly Groovy DSL.

### Installing Gradle
- Gradle needs Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 6 or Java Development Kit (JDK) 1.6 or higher.
- Download page is https://gradle.org/install/
- Gradle User Manual is https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html
- Export or add Environment Variables to your OS to run gradle from any command line shell.
- Verifying the installation by `gradle --version` or `gradle -v`
- In case we need to set some global options for the JVM that Gradle will use,
we can set the `GRADLE_OPTS` environment variable with acceptable flags to tune the JVM.
- Gradle also honors the `JAVA_OPTS` environment variable. but his affects the setting for all the Java programs on a machine.

### The Gradle command-line interface
- `gradle` command is issued from the root of a project directory with some tasks to be executed. like `gradle help`
- Gradle tasks may vary depending on the project in which the gradle command is being run.
- Gradle tasks are currently available on project by `gradle tasks` command.

### Gradle build script
- Gradle treats the current directory as a project root and tries to find the build.gradle file there.
- Create and open the `build.gradle` file and declare a task by adding the following line `task helloWorld`
- Task helloWorld and run it using command `gradle -q helloWorld`:
```
task helloWorld {
    println "Hello, World!"
    println ("Hello, World!")
    println ("Hello, World!");
    System.out.println("Hello, World!")
    System.out.println("Hello, World!");
    System.out.println "Hello, World!";
    System.out.println "Hello, World!"
}
```

- While calling a gradle task from a command line, we can save a few keystrokes by typing only
the characters that are enough to uniquely identify the task name. For example,
the task helloWorld can be called using gradle hW. We can also use helloW, hWorld, or even heWo
- Gradle Daemon is a process that keeps running in the background to speed up the builds significantly.

### Gradle Wrapper
- A Gradle Wrapper consists of a `gradlew` shell script for Linux/Mac OS X,
a `gradlew.bat` batch script for Windows, and a few helper files.
- These files can be generated by running a `gradle wrapper` task
and should be checked into the version control system (VCS) along with project sources.
Instead of using the system-wide gradle command, we can run the builds via the wrapper script.
- the advantages of running builds via a wrapper script are
    - We don’t need to download and install Gradle manually. The wrapper script takes care of this.
    - It uses a specific version of Gradle that the project needs.
- To generate the wrapper scripts and supporting files, just execute the following code from the command line:
`gradle wrapper` or `gradle wrapper --gradle-version 5.0`
- To running a build via wrapper use it like any other command `gradlew helloWorld`
and we can use the arguments and flags exactly in the same way as we pass to the gradle command.

## Building Java Projects
- In the root of the project directory create the `build.gradle` file and add the following code line to it:

```java
apply plugin: 'java'
```

- Adding source files in the same structure for any standard maven project in `src/main/java` directory.
- To compile the project and produce the class files call the following task from a command line: `gradle compileJava`
and the compiled classes go into `build/classes/main` relative to the project root.
- To generate the `.jar` file for our application run the following task: `gradle build`
and the jar will be in the `build/libs` directory.
- Note that when we run the `build` task, Gradle also invokes the `compileJava` and other dependent tasks
before actually executing the build task. So, we don't need to explicitly call `compileJava` here to compile classes.
- The name of the .jar file is the same as that of the project.
This can be configured by setting the `archivesBaseName` property in the build.gradle file. as

```java
archivesBaseName = "my-app"
```

- To see what all tasks were brought into our build by the java plugin run `gradle –q tasks` command.
- Gradle by itself is nothing more than a task runner. It does not know how to compile a Java file
or where to read the source files. It means that these tasks are not there by default.
and a Gradle build file, without any plugin applied, contained very few tasks.
- A plugin adds relevant tasks and conventions to a Gradle build.
all the tasks such as compileJava, build, clean, and many more are essentially brought in by the java plugin
that we applied to our build.
- There are number of plugins that come out of the box with Gradle. The `java` plugin is one such plugin.

### Unit testing
- Java test sources are kept in the `src/test/java` directory relative to the project root.
- To compile tests use the `compileTestJava` task, which is exactly the same as `compileJava`, but compiles the test source files.

#### Adding the JUnit to the classpath
- we need JUnit library on the classpath. And this dependency is only required
while compiling and running the tests.
- In the dependencies section, we list down all the dependencies of the project along with their scope.
We declared JUnit to be made available in the testCompile scope.
- In the repositories section, we configure the type and location of the repository where external dependencies will be found.
- We need to update the build.gradle file as follows:

```java
apply plugin: 'java'

repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    testCompile 'junit:junit:4.12'
}
```

- Running the test by command `gradle test`
- Whether the test passes or not, a nice HTML report is created with details of all the tests that are run.
By default, this report is located at build/reports/tests/index.html relative to the project root.
- We just need to call the last task in the flow, and all the tasks that the called tasks depend on will be called sequentially
and the build will not succeed if any of the tasks fails.
- If we need to force run task actions even if nothing has changed between the two runs,
we can pass the `--rerun-tasks` flag on the command line so that all task actions can run.

### Bundling an application distributable
- applies the `application` plugin to our build by `apply plugin: 'application'`
- Add `mainClassName` and `run.args` attributes.
- The `application` plugin adds the `run` task to our build.
- as we are applying the application plugin, it is not necessary to explicitly apply the java plugin
as an application plugin implicitly applies the java plugin to our build.
- It also implicitly applies the distribution plugin so that we get the tasks to package the application
as a ZIP or TAR archive and also gets the task to install the application distribution locally.
- More information on the application plugin can be found at https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/distribution_plugin.html.
- Running the application with Gradle by `gradle run` or `gradle -q run`.
- The –P adds properties to the Gradle Project. like `gradle -q run -PrunArgs=world` and access it by `project.runArgs`.
- We could create a gradle.properties in project’s root parallel to the build.gradle file.
- There are ways to declare properties which can be found at https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html.

#### Building the distribution archive

- Another interesting task is `distZip`, which packages the application along with OS-specific start scripts: `gradle distZip`.
- It would have generated the application distribution in ZIP format in the build/distributions relative to the project root.
- The name of the ZIP defaults to the project name. unless change by using the following property in build.gradle: `distributions.main.baseName = 'someName'`
- unzip the archive to see its contents and folders structure.

### Generating IDE project files
- Gradle sports very nice plugins that can generate IDE-specific project files.
Both IntelliJ IDEA and Eclipse are covered by their respective plugins.
Depending on which IDE you want to support, you will either include `apply plugin: 'idea'` or `apply plugin: 'eclipse'`.
- execute the following for Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA, respectively:

```
$ gradle eclipse
$ gradle idea
```

- Make sure you ignore IDE-specific files in version control. For example, if you are using Git,
consider adding the following entries in your .gitignore file to prevent someone from accidentally committing
the IDE-specific files:

```
.idea/
*.iml
*.ipr
*.iws
.classpath
.project
.settings/
```

## Building a Web Application

- To create the `build.gradle` file for Building a Web Application in the root of the project:

```java
apply plugin: 'war'

repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    providedCompile 'javax.servlet:javax.servlet-api:3.1.0'
}
```

- The war plugin extends the java plugin; so all the tasks that were available when we applied the java plugin are still available
to us in addition to the war task.
- the `providedCompile` configuration (scope) tells Gradle not to package the servlet API with the application,
as it will already be available on the container where the application will be deployed.
The `providedCompile` configuration is added by the `war` plugin (it also adds `providedRuntime`).
- To build the deployable WAR file. use command `gradle war`.
- To verify the tasks available for our build use command `gradle tasks --all`.
- The war file is created at `/build/libs/hello-web.war`.
- To list the contents of WAR, use `jar -tf build/libs/hello-web.war` or use any the standard zip/unzip tools.
- When we say build automation, it implicitly means that no manual intervention should be expected
and things should work in one click (or one command in Gradle's case).
- Gradle plugins like a `Gretty` plugin can be found at a Gradle plugin portal,
This plugin adds numerous tasks to the build and supports various versions of Tomcat and Jetty.
- To configure it use:

```
plugins {
    id "org.akhikhl.gretty" version "2.0.0"
}
```

- We can include the `war` plugin's application inside this block. For internal plugins,
we don't need to specify a version. It will look as follows:

```
plugins {
    id "org.akhikhl.gretty" version "1.2.4"
    id "war"
}
```

- If we run gradle tasks now, we must have an appRun task under the Gretty group.
There are many more tasks in this group, which are added by the Gretty plugin.
- There are many configurations exposed by the plugin, in order to control aspects such as server version, port number,
and many more. Add a gretty block to the build.gradle files as follows:

```
gretty {
    servletContainer = 'tomcat8'
    port = 8080
}
```

or

```
gretty {
    servletContainer = 'jetty9'
    port = 9080
}
```

- Important Reference Links:
    - Gradle plugin portal: https://plugins.gradle.org/
    - Tomcat plugin: https://github.com/bmuschko/gradle-tomcat-plugin

### Project dependencies
- Gradle locates and makes dependencies available in the appropriate classpath and packaging if required.

#### External libraries
- The dependencies of a project are declared in the `dependencies` section in the build file.
- the coordinates of an Gradle dependency artifact takes a form of group:name:version. like:

```
dependencies {
    compile 'org.springframework:spring-core:4.0.6.RELEASE'
    compile group:'org.springframework', name:'spring-core', version:'4.0.6.RELEASE'
}
```

- We can also specify multiple dependencies as follows: `configurationName dep1, dep2, dep3,...`
- We run the following code in our build.gradle file: `runtime 'org.slf4j:slf4j-nop:1.7+'` to indicate a dynamic version of the library.
- run the dependencies task by : `gradle dependencies`
- Gradle resolves transitive dependencies quite well.
- To disable Gradle transitive dependencies provide an extra block to dependency declaration:

```
runtime ('org.slf4j:slf4j-nop:1.7+') {
    transitive = false
}
```

-  To force a given version of the library use:

```
runtime ('org.slf4j:slf4j-nop:1.7.2') {
    force = true
}
```

#### Dependency configurations
- The following are configurations that are added by the java plugins: `compile, runtime, testCompile, testRuntime`.
- The following are configurations that are added by the war plugins: `providedCompile, providedRuntime`.
- More configurations can be added by plugins, or we can declare them ourselves in our build script.

#### Repositories
- The repositories section configures the repositories where Gradle will look for dependencies.
- Repositories such as Maven, Ivy, and flat directory (filesystem) are supported for dependency resolution and uploading artifacts.
-  Maven repos can be easily configured using the following syntax:

```
repositories {
    mavenCentral()  // shortcut to maven central
    mavenLocal()    // shortcut to maven local (typically ~/.m2)
    jcenter()       // shortcut to jcenter
    maven {
        url "http://repo.company.com/maven"
    }
    ivy {
        url "http://repo.company.com/ivy"
    }
    flatDir { // jars kept on local file system
        dirs 'libDir'
    }
}
```

## Gradle Build Scripts
- the Gradle build script is written in Groovy language.
- The two important objects available in our build, namely, the project object and the task object(s).
- Build phases and life cycle callbacks
- Some details of the tasks

### Groovy for Gradle build scripts
- To write effective Gradle build scripts, we need to understand some basics of Groovy, which is a dynamic language.
- Groovy's syntax is concise, expressive, and powerful.
- In a Groovy script, the def keyword can define a variable (depending on the context): `def a = 10`
and the type of a is decided at the runtime depending on what type of object it points to. or `Integer b = 10`
- We can also use Java primitive data types. but keep in mind that they are not actually primitives in Groovy.
They are still first-class objects and are actually Java wrapper classes for corresponding data type. for example:

```
int c = 10
println c.getClass() // print => class java.lang.Integer
```

- String literals are using ''.
- Regular Java string literals ("") can also be used, but they are called GStrings in Groovy,
Both ${var} and $var are valid:

```
def name = "Gradle"
println "$name is an awesome build tool"
def number = 4
println "number is even ? ${number % 2 == 0 }"
```

- Groovy supports multiline string literals:

```
def multilineString = '''\
    Hello
    World
'''
println multilineString
```

- "slashy" string literal, which starts and ends with a single forward slash (/):

```
def r = /(\d)+/
println r.class
```

- Groovy supports a pattern operator (~), which when applied to a string, gives a pattern object:

```
def pattern = ~/(\d)+/
println pattern.class // print > class java.util.regex.Pattern
// or
if ("groovy" ==~ /gr(.*)/)
  println "regex support rocks"
```

- Closure in Groovy is a block of code that can be assigned to a reference or passed around just like any other variable.
- examples:

```
def cl1 = {
    println "hello world!"
}
cl1.call()
def cl2 = { n ->
    println "value of param : $n"
}
cl2.call(101)
3.times(cl2)
3.times { println it * it }
```

- Groovy supports literal declaration of the often-used data structures, which makes the code a lot more terse without sacrificing readability.
- Examples:

```
def aList = [] // In Groovy, [] is actually a Java's List instance and not an array.
println aList.getClass()
def anotherList = ['a','b','c']
def list = [10, 20, 30] + [40, 50]
list  <<  60
list = list – [20, 30, 40]
list  -= [20,30,40]
list.each {println it}
def aSet = [1,2,3] as Set
println aSet.class // print > class java.util.LinkedHashSet
TreeSet anotherSet = [1,2,3]
println anotherSet.class
// Adding elements to a set is just like a list using an indirection operator
aSet << 4
aSet << 3
println aSet // [1, 2, 3, 4]
// Map can be declared using the map literal [:]:
def a = [:]
def tool = [version:'2.8', name:'Gradle', platform:'all']
println tool.name
println tool["version"]
println tool.get("platform")
tool.version = "2.9"
tool["releaseDate"] = "2015-11-17"
tool.put("platform", "ALL")
```

- methods:

```
int sum(int a, int b) {
  return a + b;
}
def sum(a, b) {
  a + b // we omitted the return statement as the evaluation of the last expression is automatically returned by a method.
}
```

- A method call in Groovy can omit the parenthesis is many cases:

```
sum(1,2)
sum 1, 2
```

- Default values of parameters:

```
def divide(number, by=2) {
    number/by
}
println divide (10, 5)
println divide (10)
// Methods with map parameters/named parameters
def method(Map options) {
    def a = options.a ?: 10
    def b = options.b ?: 20 // options.a ? options.a : 10
}
method([a:10,b:20])
// We can omit the square brackets ([]) because maps have special support in the method call
method(a:10, b:20)
// The order of parameters is not important and all the parameters need not be passed.
// Also, the parenthesis wrapping is optional, just like any method call:
method b:30, a:40
method b:30
// varags are denoted by ..., but providing the type is optional:
def sumSquares(...numbers) {
    numbers.collect{ it * it }.sum()
}
sumSquares 1, 2, 3
// Closures are important and, hence, Groovy has a special syntax for closures
// if the closure is the last parameter of a method signature:
// the third call is the special syntactical support in which the parenthesis just wraps the other parameters,
// while the closure is written outside the parenthesis, as if it were a method body.
def myMethod (param, cls) {
    ...
}
myMethod(1,{ ... })
myMethod 2, {... }
myMethod(3) {...}
```

- Classes are public by default. They can inherit from other classes using extends or implementing interfaces using implmenets.
Instead of using the def for properties, we can use more specific types.
- Examples:

```
class Person {
  def name, age
}
// In addition to the default constructor, classes in Groovy get a special constructor,
// which takes the map of properties of the class. Here is how we use it:
def person = new Person(name:"John Doe", age:35)
println person.age
person.age = 36
println person.age
// We can provide our own getters and/or setter for the desired fields,
// which will take precedence over the generated one
void setAge(age){
    if (age < 0)
        throw new IllegalArgumentException("age must be a positive number")
    else
        this.age = age
}
// We can add an instance and static methods to classes just like we do in Java:
def speak(){
  println "${this.name} speaking"
}
static def now(){
  new Date().format("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss")
}
```

- in Gradle build script:

```
apply plugin: 'java' // apply is a method.
apply(plugin: 'java')
apply([plugin: 'java'])
// the apply method is implicitly applied on the project object.
// So, we can also call it on the project object's reference:
project.apply([plugin: 'java'])
```

### Gradle – an object-oriented build tool
- Gradle creates objects of both project and task types. These objects are accessible in our build script for us to customize.
- A project object is a central piece of API that is exposed to and configured via the build scripts.
A project object is available in the script such that the methods without object reference
are intelligently invoked on the project object.
- The task objects are created for each task declared directly in the build file and also for plugins.
- some tasks are already available in our build without us having to add a single line to our build file
(such as the help task and the tasks task, and so on).

### Build phases
- A Gradle build follows a very simple life cycle on every invocation.
The build passes through three stages: initialization, configuration, and execution.
- Gradle first figures out whether the current project has child projects or if it is the only project in the build.
For multi-modules build, Gradle figures out which modules have to be included in the build.
- Gradle then creates a Project instance for the root project and for each of the child projects of a project.
- In Configuration phase, the build scripts of participating projects are evaluated against the corresponding project object
that was created during the initialization phase.
- When a script is evaluated, all the statements in the script are executed sequentially.
- Tasks are only configured during the Configuration phase. No matter what tasks are going to be called, all tasks will be configured.
- In the Execution phase, Gradle figures out which tasks need to be run based on the parameters such as task names
passed as command line arguments and the current directory.
- Gradle intelligently determines which tasks need to actually run and which can be skipped.
- Gradle provides various hooks for executing code at various points during life cycle events.
We can implement callback interfaces or provide callback closure to DSL in the build script.

### Gradle Project API
- Gradle creates a project object for each build.gradle for us during the initialization phase.
This object is available in our build scripts using the project reference.
- all the top-level method calls in the build scripts are called on a project object if no explicit reference is provided.
- Examples:

```
project.apply plugin: 'java'
project.repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
project.dependencies {
    testCompile 'junit:junit:4.11'
}
// or
project.repositories({...})
project.dependencies({...})
// Project Properties:
description = "a sample project"
version = "1.0"
task printProperties << {
    println project.version
    println project.property("description")
}
```

- Gradle makes it very easy to store user-defined properties on a project,
while still being able to enjoy the niceties of project properties' syntax.

```
ext.abc = "123"
task printExtraProperties << {
    println project.abc
    println project.property("abc")
    println project.ext.abc
}
```

### Tasks
- a task is a named action that performs some build logic. It's a unit of build work. For example, clean, compile, dist.

```
project.task "myTask"
project.task("myTask")
```

- The project object has several flavors of a task method to create a task object:

```
Task task(String name)
Task task(String name, Closure configureClosure)
Task task(Map<String, ?> args, String name)
Task task(Map<String, ?> args, String name, Closure configureClosure)
```

- A Task object has a method called doLast, which accepts a closure.
Gradle ensures that all the closures passed to this methods are executed
in the order they were passed:

```
someTask.doLast({
    println "this should be printed when the task is run"
})
someTask {
    doLast {
        println "third line that should be printed"
    }
}
someTask << {
    println "the action of someTask"
}
```

- Tasks within a project may have a dependency on each other.
- There are tasks whose execution is dependent on the other task's successful completion. For example

```
// $ gradle compile dist
task compile << {
    println 'compling the source'
}
task dist(dependsOn: compile) << {
    println "preparing a jar dist"
}
```

- We can also declare that, if a task is called, it should be followed by another task,
even if another task is not explicitly called.

```
task distUsingTemp << {
  println ("preapring dist using a temp dir")
}
task cleanup << {
  println("removing tmp dir")
}
distUsingTemp.finalizedBy cleanup
```

- We can specify a condition and if it is satisfied, the task will be executed:

```
cleanup.onlyIf { file("/tmp").exists()}
```

- mustRunAfter and shouldRunAfter

```
build.mustRunAfter clean
build.shouldRunAfter clean
```

- Creating tasks dynamically

```
10.times { number ->
  task "dynamicTask$number" << {
    println "this is dynamic task number # $number "
  }
}
```

- Setting default tasks `defaultTasks "myTaskName", "myOtherTask"`
- Custom task types act as a template with some sensible defaults for a common build logic.
We still need to declare a task in our build, but we just tell Gradle the type of this task
and configure the settings of this task type, instead of writing the entire task action block again.
Gradle already ships with many custom task types; for example, Copy, Exec, Delete, Jar, Sync, Test, JavaCompile, Zip
- We can configure a task that is of type Copy using the following syntax:
- The closure that we are passing to this task actually gets executed in the configuration phase of build.

```
task copyDocumentation(type:Copy) {
from file("src/docs/html")
into file("$buildDir/docs")
}
```

- Creating task types

```
class Print extends DefaultTask {
  @Input
  String message = "Welcome to Gradle"
  @TaskAction
  def print() {
    println "$message"
  }
}
task welcome(type: Print)
task thanks(type: Print) {
  message = "Thanks for trying custom tasks"
}
task bye(type: Print)
bye.message = "See you again"
thanks.dependsOn welcome
thanks.finalizedBy bye
```

- References
    - https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.Project.html
    - https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.invocation.Gradle.html
    - https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.Task.html

## Multiprojects Build
- The arrangement of subprojects relative to the root project may be flat,
that is, all the subprojects are the direct children of the root project
or are hierarchical, such that the subproject may also have nested child projects
or any hybrid directory structure.

### The settings.gradle file
- During initialization, Gradle reads the settings.gradle file to figure out
which projects are to take part in a build. Gradle creates an object of type Setting.
- The most common use of settings.gradle is to enlist all the subprojects participating in the build:
`include ':repository', ':services', ':web-app'`
- The colon denotes the project path relative to the root project.
However, the include method allows level 1 subproject names to omit the colon.
So, the include call can be rewritten as follows: `include 'repository', 'services', 'web-app'`
- The projects task lists all the projects available in a Gradle build: `gradle projects`
- We can find more information on Settings at the Settings DSL documentation https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.initialization.Settings.html
- For a multiproject build, we can call tasks on any nested project using the gradle <project-path>:<task-name> syntax
or by going into the subproject directory and executing gradle <task-name>.

### Organizing build logic in multiproject builds
- Gradle gives us the flexibility to create one build file for all projects or individual build file per project; you can also mix and match.
- Gradle DSL provides a first-class support for declaring common build elements across all projects.
- The allprojects method takes a closure and executes it on the project (object) of the build file and all the subprojects of the current project.
- We can even apply plugins, declare repositories and dependencies, and so on. So, in essence, we can write any build logic
that is common to all projects and then it will be applied to all projects.

```
allprojects {
    task whoami << {println "I am ${project.name}"}
}
// or
allprojects {
  task("describe${project.name.capitalize()}") << {
    println project.name
  }
}
```

### Applying build logic to subprojects
-  the subprojects method applies some build logic only on subprojects without affecting the parent project.
-

```
subprojects {
  apply plugin: 'java'
}
```

- Check the output of `gradle -q tasks --all` in this case.
- The tasks added by the `java` plugin will only be available on subprojects, whereas tasks such
as help tasks will be available on all projects.

### Dependency on subprojects
- Add dependency declaration in the root project's build.gradle.

```
project(':services') {
  dependencies {
    compile project(':repository')
  }
}
```

- Add dependency declaration in the child project's build.gradle.

```
dependencies {
  compile project(':services')
}
```

## Gradle Scripts Examples

### Free Gradle script to compile and build a Java project:

The gradle plugin provides the flexibility to configure the plugin based on the project's need as the following
code snippt shows:

```
apply plugin:'java'
task cleanDir << {
    delete "build"
    delete "dist"
}
task createDirs(dependsOn:'cleanDir') << {
    def classes = file("build/classes")
    def dist = file("dist")
    classes.mkdirs()
    dist.mkdirs()
}
compileJava {
    File classesDir = file("build/classes")
    FileTree srcDir = fileTree(dir: "src")
    source srcDir
    destinationDir classesDir
}
task createJar(type: Jar) {
    destinationDir = file("dist")
    baseName = "JavaProject-1.0"
    from "build/classes"
}
createJar.dependsOn compileJava
compileJava.dependsOn createDirs
```

### Migrating from a Maven to Gradle project

- A user needs to rewrite the Maven script to the Gradle script. The following are some of the concepts
that will help you to smoothly migrate from Maven to Gradle:
    - Plugin declaration
    To include a plugin, the user only needs to write the `apply plugin` statement like: `apply plugin: '<plugin name>'`
    - Common conventions
    If a user includes a plugin and follows the same convention, then he can avoid writing any boiler-plate code
    that could save both his time and effort.
    If a user includes a java plugin, the common convention is that the source code location should be `src/main/java`,
    test code location should be `src/test/java`
    - Dependency management. To define the dependency in Gradle, a user has to use the following syntax:

```
dependencies{
    compile(' org.apache.logging.log4j: log4j-core:1.2')
}
```
    - Repositories configuration. This is the location from where you download dependencies.
    In Gradle, you can mention the repository using the following syntax:
```
repositories {
    maven {
        url "http://companylocalrepository.org"
    }
}
```

### Publishing artifacts
- You can execute the `gradle –b build.gradle uploadArchives` command to upload the artifacts.
As a part of life cycle, it will build and upload the artifacts.
- Gradle gives you the flexibility to upload the file to a local file system using `flatDir`.
- Gradle has a `maven-publish` plugin to have more control over the publishing process.
It gives you many additional flexibilities along with the default publish tasks.
A user can modify the POM file, publish multiple modules, and so on.
You can find more details at https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_maven.html.
- The following is the sample example of the build file to upload a JAR file generated by a `java plugin`:
```
apply plugin: 'java'
version=1.0
repositories {
  mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
  compile ('log4j:log4j:1.2.16')
}
uploadArchives {
  repositories {
    maven {
      credentials {
        username "user1"
        password "user1"
      }
      url "http://company.private.repo"
    }
  }
}
```

### Continuous Integration
- If there are compile issues and integration issues, a user can figure out at early stages, rather than it being too late.
- To plan the build and deployment automation solution for any software, we need a different set of tools to work
together to achieve the common goal. Jenkins is one of the integration tools that helps to integrate the complete workflow.
It also works on the concept of plugins; you can add different plugins to Jenkins (for example, Gradle, Git, and so on)
as per your need and configure them to plan the automation flow.

### Generating documentation
- When you apply `Java plugin` to your build file, Gradle provides you a `javadoc` task.
- By default, Gradle generates the initial documentation for your code, even if the user does not mention any Javadoc in the file.
- Run : `gradle clean javadoc`. It will generate the basic Java docs at `{project_root}\build\docs\javadoc`.

## Testing and Reporting with Gradle

- Four different topics: testing with TestNG, integration testing, code coverage with JaCoCo, and code analysis with Sonar.
- TestNG is another widely used testing tool, like JUnit.
- Code coverage and code quality are the other two important aspects in test-driven development (TDD).
- Developers need continuous feedback on the code developed by them. Code quality tools help us to achieve this goal.
- these tools are integrated with the Continuous Integration (CI) systems so that these reports are created on a daily basis or after each commit,
shared among different teams, and even be persisted for future analysis.

### Testing with TestNG
- The very first step is to create the build file with TestNG dependencies and configure the test closure.
- The following build file adds the TestNG library as the testCompile dependency and in the test closure,
we added a testng.xml file to execute the test cases,
you can read more about TestNG configuration at http://testng.org/doc/documentation-main.html:

```
apply plugin:'java'
repositories {
  mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
  testCompile 'org.testng:testng:6.8.21'
}
test {
  ignoreFailures = true
  useTestNG(){
    suites("src/test/resources/testng.xml")
  }
}
```

```xml
<!DOCTYPE suite SYSTEM "http://testng.org/testng-1.0.dtd" >
<suite name="Suite1" verbose="1" >
  <listeners>
    <listener class-name="org.testng.reporters.EmailableReporter" />
  </listeners>
  <test name="Smoke Test">
  <groups>
    <run>
      <exclude name="Integration"  />
      <include name="Smoke"  />
    </run>
  </groups>
  <classes>
    <class name="com.packtpub.ge.ch7.HashTest">
    </class>
  </classes>
  </test>
</suite>
```

### Integration testing
- It verifies the communication between different components working together as expected or not.
- To enable integration testing along with unit testing in Gradle, you need to customize the Gradle to enable both.
- Create a separate directory structure, `src/integrationTest/java`, for integration test cases,
and you can configure the same in your Gradle build scripts. The updated build script would be as follows:

```
apply plugin: 'java'
sourceSets {
   integrationTest {
       java.srcDir file('src/integrationTest/java')
       resources.srcDir file('src/integrationTest/resources') // to add the resources
   }
}
task runIntegrationTest(type: Test) {
   testClassesDir = sourceSets.integrationTest.output.classesDir
   classpath = sourceSets.integrationTest.runtimeClasspath
}
```

- Once we have added additional sourceSets to the build script,
the java plugin automatically adds two new dependency configurations to your build script
`integrationTestCompile` and `integrationTestRuntime`.
- `integrationTestCompile` can be used to configure dependencies required to compile the test cases and
`integrationTestRuntime` can be used to configure dependencies required to execute the test cases.
- Execute the following command to check for the current dependencies: `gradle dependencies`
- You can configure them under dependencies closure:

```
dependencies {
    // other configuration dependencies
    integrationTestCompile 'org.hibernate:hibernate:3.2.3.ga'
}
```

- to execute the integration test : `gradle runIntegrationTest`.
- If you want to execute these test cases each time you build your code,
you can link this task with other tasks using dependsOn
or any other dependency attributes.

### Code coverage
- High code coverage does not guarantee that the quality code has been written.
- A developer must use static code analysis tools such as PMD (https://pmd.github.io/) to find the quality of the code.
- The `build.gradle` file has the following content:

```
apply plugin: 'java'
apply plugin: 'jacoco'
repositories {
  mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
  testCompile 'org.testng:testng:6.8.8'
}
test{
    systemProperty "url",System.properties['url']
    useTestNG()
}
jacocoTestReport.dependsOn test
```

- the report will be created in the `{build dir}/reports/jacoco/test/html` directory and an HTML report file will be generated.
- To execute the `jacocoTestReport` task to generate the code coverage report: `gradle clean jacocoTestReport`.
- In the coverage report, you can observe that all the methods of the Java class were tested unit tests.
- The default version of the jacoco plugin can be modified by modifying the jacoco extension as follows:

```
jacoco {
    toolVersion = "<Required-Version>"
    reportsDir = file("Path_to_Jacoco_ReportDir")
}
```

- The report can be customized by configuring the jacocoTestReport task as follows:

```
jacocoTestReport {
    reports {
        xml.enabled false
        html.destination "<Path_to_dircectory>"
    }
}
```

### Code analysis reports
- Sonar is one of the most popular quality management tools that gives
a complete analysis of a project in terms of lines of code, documentation,
test coverage, issues, and complexities.
- To integrate Gradle with Sonar. The only prerequisite is, the Sonar server should be installed and running.
- To run sonar-runner plugin, we just need to apply the plugin sonar-runner and configure it to connect to the Sonar server.
- Create the build file build.gradle for your project with the following contents:

```
apply plugin: 'java'
apply plugin: "sonar-runner"

repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

version = '1.0'
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

sonarRunner {
  sonarProperties {
    property "sonar.host.url", "http://<IP_ADDRESS>:<PORT>"
    property "sonar.jdbc.url",
    "jdbc:h2:tcp://<IP_ADDRESS>:<PORT>/sonar"
    property "sonar.jdbc.driverClassName", "org.h2.Driver"
    property "sonar.jdbc.username", "sonar"
    property "sonar.jdbc.password", "sonar"
  }
}
```

- To run the `sonarRunner` task for code analysis. After successful execution of this task,
you will find the report hosted on the Sonar server: `gradle clean sonarRunner`
- You can find more on Sonar at http://docs.sonarqube.org/display/SONAR/Documentation/.

## Organizing Build Logic and Plugins

- Developers just include the plugin, configure the required tasks, and leverage the functionalities.

### Extracting build logic to buildSrc
- Plugins are nothing but the group of tasks with specific orders and default configurations, which are created to provide a certain functionality.
- The following is the sample code of a plugin, which a developer can write in build.gradle and use it:

```
apply plugin: CustomPlugin
class CustomPlugin implements Plugin<Project> {
  void apply(Project project) {
    project.task('task1') << {
      println "Sample task1 in custom plugin"
    }
    project.task('task2') << {
      println "Sample task2 in custom plugin"
    }
  }
}
task2.dependsOn task1
```

- All the tasks that you want to implement, you need to define inside the apply method.
- To use a plugin in the build file, you always need to use `apply plugin:<plugin name/plugin class>`
(if a plugin is implemented in the same script or in the buildSrc directory).
- to write plugin code separate from the build logic, Gradle provides two different ways as follows:
    - Extract plugin code to buildSrc
    - Independent plugin
- To extract plugin code to buildSrc, Gradle recommends you to create a buildSrc directory
inside the project directory and keep the plugin code there.
- You just need to import the package and add the apply plugin statement.
- If you want to add some more features for task1, you can do it as follows:

```
task1.doLast {
    println "Added more functionality to task1"
}
task2.dependsOn task1
```

- You can use this plugin only with the same project or the sub-projects defined in the root project.
- You can plug out the plugin code into a standalone plugin and package it into a JAR file,
which you can publish to a repository so that it can be reused by any projects.

### Gradle Plugin
- To make the plugin reusable for all the other projects, Gradle allows you to separate the plugin code and package it in a JAR file.
- You can include this JAR file in any projects in which you want to reuse this functionality.
- You can create the standalone project in Java or Groovy.
- In the build.gradle plugin file, you will package the plugin code into a jar file.
- to include the plugin into other build files. You need a plugin ID for this plugin. To add a plugin ID to your plugin,
you need to create a property file `customplugin.properties` inside the `src/main/resources/META-INF/gradle-plugins` directory.
- To refer to the custom plugin JAR using the flatDir configuration. Use the following in your build.gradle file:

```
buildscript {
    repositories {
        flatDir {dirs "../CustomPlugin/build/libs/"}
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath group: 'ch8', name: 'CustomPlugin',version: '1.0'
    }
}
apply plugin: 'customplugin'
```

- Use the organization's local repository; thus, it can be centrally accessed by any of the organization's projects.

### Configuring plugins
- To define plugin properties, you need to create one additional extension class and register the class into your plugin class.
- Example:

```
// Create the CustomPluginExtension.groovy class as follows:
class CustomPluginExtension {
def location = "/plugin/defaultlocation"
}
// register this class to your plugin class:
class CustomPlugin implements Plugin<Project> {
    void apply(Project project) {
        def extension = project.extensions.create("customExt",CustomPluginExtension)
        project.task('task1') << {
            println "Sample task1 in custom plugin"
            println "location is "+project.customExt.location
        }
    }
}
// To change this field to some other value, add customExt closure
// to your build.gradle file with a different value configured for the location:
buildscript {
    repositories {
        flatDir {dirs "../CustomPlugin/build/libs/"}
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath group: 'ch8', name: 'CustomPlugin',version: '1.0'
    }
}
apply plugin: 'customplugin'
customExt {
    location="/plugin/newlocation"
}
```

