docs/pages/versions/java-bootstrap-template-version-0-0-7.md, before:

---
title: Java Bootstrap Template Version 0.0.7 (Current Development Version)
---
# Java Bootstrap Template Version 0.0.7 (Current Development Version)

## d576b25 on Jan 26, 2019, 3:59 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `moment` from 2.23.0 to 2.24.0
- Upgrade `commons-lang` from 3.7 to 3.8.1
- Upgrade `google-gson` from 2.8.2 to 2.8.5
- Upgrade `mysql-connector-java-8.0.11.jar` to `mysql-connector-java-8.0.14.jar`
- Regenerate database script after migrated to mysql 8.0.14 in `.\JavaTMP\JavaTMP-User-Starter\conf\javatmp-26-1-2019.sql`
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## fbd710f on Jan 19, 2019, 9:33 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `echarts` from 4.1.0 to 4.2.0-rc.2
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## a5c4b8d on Jan 19, 2019, 4:08 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `gulp` from 3.9.1 to 4.0.0
- Update `gulpfile.js` to support gulp 4 features.
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## a089d2b on Jan 13, 2019, 10:27 PM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - gulp-git from 2.8.0 to 2.8.1
    - bootstrap-slider from 10.4.2 to 10.6.0
    - fullcalendar from 3.9.0 to 3.10.0
    - inputmask from 4.0.5 to 4.0.6
    - jquery.fancytree from 2.30.1 to 2.30.2
- Add `form-serializer` plugin to every projects and include it in the gulp build task.
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## 66c2519 on Jan 1, 2019, 4:37 AM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - bootstrap-modal-wrapper from 1.0.15 to 1.0.16
    - bootstrap-reverse from 1.0.10 to 1.0.11
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## 3cb9d75 on Dec 30, 2018, 4:53 AM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - gulp-connect from 5.6.1 to 5.7.0
    - gulp-header from 2.0.5 to 2.0.7
    - gulp-clean-css from 3.10.0 to 4.0.0
    - @fortawesome/fontawesome-free from 5.5.0 to 5.6.3
    - bootstrap-slider 10.2.3 to 10.4.2
    - inputmask from 4.0.3 to 4.0.5
    - ion-rangeslider from 2.2.0 to 2.3.0
    - jquery-validation from 1.18.0 to 1.19.0
    - moment from 2.22.2 to 2.23.0
    - summernote from 0.8.10 to 0.8.11
    - popper.js from 1.14.5 to 1.14.6
    - bootstrap from 4.1.3 to 4.2.1
    - bootswatch from 4.1.3 to 4.2.1
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate dist folders.

Commit message:

- Upgrade `hibernate` from 5.2.17 to 5.4.1 - Update persistent.xml JPA's version from 2.1 to 2.2 - Update mysql hibernate dialect class from `org.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect` to `org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL8Dialect`

docs/pages/versions/java-bootstrap-template-version-0-0-7.md, after:

---
title: Java Bootstrap Template Version 0.0.7 (Current Development Version)
---
# Java Bootstrap Template Version 0.0.7 (Current Development Version)

## on
- Upgrade `hibernate` from 5.2.17 to 5.4.1
- Update persistent.xml JPA's version from 2.1 to 2.2
- Update mysql hibernate dialect class from `org.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect` to `org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL8Dialect`

## d576b25 on Jan 26, 2019, 3:59 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `moment` from 2.23.0 to 2.24.0
- Upgrade `commons-lang` from 3.7 to 3.8.1
- Upgrade `google-gson` from 2.8.2 to 2.8.5
- Upgrade `mysql-connector-java-8.0.11.jar` to `mysql-connector-java-8.0.14.jar`
- Regenerate database script after migrated to mysql 8.0.14 in `.\JavaTMP\JavaTMP-User-Starter\conf\javatmp-26-1-2019.sql`
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## fbd710f on Jan 19, 2019, 9:33 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `echarts` from 4.1.0 to 4.2.0-rc.2
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## a5c4b8d on Jan 19, 2019, 4:08 PM GMT+4
- Upgrade `gulp` from 3.9.1 to 4.0.0
- Update `gulpfile.js` to support gulp 4 features.
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## a089d2b on Jan 13, 2019, 10:27 PM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - gulp-git from 2.8.0 to 2.8.1
    - bootstrap-slider from 10.4.2 to 10.6.0
    - fullcalendar from 3.9.0 to 3.10.0
    - inputmask from 4.0.5 to 4.0.6
    - jquery.fancytree from 2.30.1 to 2.30.2
- Add `form-serializer` plugin to every projects and include it in the gulp build task.
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## 66c2519 on Jan 1, 2019, 4:37 AM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - bootstrap-modal-wrapper from 1.0.15 to 1.0.16
    - bootstrap-reverse from 1.0.10 to 1.0.11
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate `dist` folders.

## 3cb9d75 on Dec 30, 2018, 4:53 AM GMT+4
- Update The following packages:
    - gulp-connect from 5.6.1 to 5.7.0
    - gulp-header from 2.0.5 to 2.0.7
    - gulp-clean-css from 3.10.0 to 4.0.0
    - @fortawesome/fontawesome-free from 5.5.0 to 5.6.3
    - bootstrap-slider 10.2.3 to 10.4.2
    - inputmask from 4.0.3 to 4.0.5
    - ion-rangeslider from 2.2.0 to 2.3.0
    - jquery-validation from 1.18.0 to 1.19.0
    - moment from 2.22.2 to 2.23.0
    - summernote from 0.8.10 to 0.8.11
    - popper.js from 1.14.5 to 1.14.6
    - bootstrap from 4.1.3 to 4.2.1
    - bootswatch from 4.1.3 to 4.2.1
- Run `gulp` command which will use default task and generate dist folders.
